# {{ cookiecutter.ingest }}

{{ cookiecutter.ingest_description}}

## Getting started

1. Set up your development environment if you haven't already done so. This step is the
same for all ingests, so you may skip this and use your existing environment if you
have already done this for a different awaken ingest. We highly recommend using 
[conda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) to manage your 
dependencies. **Windows Users: We highly, highly recommend using Docker in addition to
conda so that you can develop your application in a unix environment.**
    - First create your conda environment:
        ```
        $ conda create --name awaken-tsdat python=3.8
        $ conda activate awaken-tsdat
        ```
    - Then install the dependencies from the `requirements.txt` file. Note that the
    requirements file is at the top level of the repository so you may need to adjust
    the path if you are running this command from a different location.
        ```
        (awaken-tsdat)$ pip install -r requirements.txt
        ```
    - Finally, tell VS Code to use your new `conda` environment:
        - Press `F1` (or `ctrl-shift-p`) to bring up the command pane in VS Code
        - In the command pane, type: `Python: Select Interpreter` and hit `return`
        - Select the newly-created `awaken-tsdat` conda environment from the list. Note
        that you may need to refresh the list (cycle icon in the top right) for it to
        show up.
        - Reload the VS Code window to ensure that this setting propagates correctly.
        This is probably not needed, but doesn't hurt. To do this, press `F1` to open
        the control pane again and type `Developer: Reload Window`.

2. Configure VS Code if you haven't already done so. 
    - TODO: Fill out this section
    - install recommended extensions
    - pytest:
    - black:
    - flake8:

3. Update autogenerated files